 1
 Serena van der Woodsen
Serena is considered the "It Girl" of the Upper East Side. Throughout the series, Serena has an on-again, off-again relationship with Dan Humphrey and the two have the longest running relationship on the show; spanning from Pilot to their marriage in the season six finale, New York, I Love You XOXO. She is best friends with Blair Waldorf and shares close friendships with Nate Archibald and Chuck Bass.
She, Dan and Blair are the only     characters that appear in every episode of the TV series.
Family:
Dan Humphrey (husband)
<!-- William van der Woodsen (father) -->
Lily van der Woodsen (mother)
Eric van der Woodsen (brother)
Jenny Humphrey (sister-in-law, via Dan)
<!-- Milo Humphrey (legal step-son, via Dan) -->
<!-- Scott Rosson (maternal half-brother/brother-in-law) 
Charlotte "Lola" Rhodes
(paternal half-sister/cousin) -->
Chuck Bass
(adoptive brother)
<!-- CeCe and Rick Rhodes
(maternal grandparents) -->
<!-- Carol Rhodes (maternal aunt) -->
Blair Waldorf
(adoptive sister-in-law, via Chuck)
<!-- Henry Bass
(nephew, via Chuck and Blair) -->
<!-- Alison Humphrey
(mother-in-law, via Dan) -->
Rufus Humphrey
(father-in-law, via Dan)
Romance:
Dan Humphrey (husband)             1
Nate Archibald (ex-boyfriend)      
Aaron Rose (ex-boyfriend)
<!-- Gabriel Edwards (ex-boyfriend) -->
Carter Baizen (ex-boyfriend)
<!-- Ben Donovan (ex-boyfriend) -->
<!-- Steven Spence (ex-boyfriend) -->
<!-- Tripp van der Bilt (affair) -->
<!-- Colin Forrester (ex-boyfriend) -->
Friends:
Blair Waldorf (best friend)        1
Dan Humphrey                       1
Nate Archibald                     1
                            
 Chuck Bass
Enemies:
Georgina Sparks (frenemy) 
<!-- Ivy Dickens (frenemy)  -->
Juliet Sharp
<!-- Maureen van der Bilt Sage Spence -->
<!-- Poppy Lifton -->
Vanessa Abrams 



2
BLAIR WALDORF
Blair Cornelia Bass a main character in the Gossip Girl series of novels and its television adaption, in which she is portrayed by Leighton Meester.
Blair has an ongoing up and down relationship with Chuck Bass, and after Serena van der Woodsen and Dan Humphrey, they have the second-longest relationship in the series. Blair is regarded as the "Queen B" of the Upper East Side. She is best friends with Serena and good friends with Dorota Kishlovsky, Jenny Humphrey and Nate Archibald.
Along with Dan and Serena, Blair appears in every episode of the series.
Family:
Chuck Bass (husband)
<!-- Henry Bass (son) -->
<!-- Baby Waldorf (daughter; miscarriage, with Louis) Harold Waldorf (father) -->
<!-- Eleanor Waldorf (mother) -->
<!-- Roman Garrel (paternal step-father) -->
<!-- Cyrus Rose (maternal step-father) -->
<!-- Aaron Rose (maternal step-brother) -->
Bart Bass (father-in-law; deceased)
<!-- Evelyn Bass (mother-in-law) -->
Lily van der Woodsen (adoptive mother-in-law) 
Serena Van Der Woodsen (adoptive sister-in-law) 
Eric van der Woodsen (adoptive brother-in-law) 
<!-- Jack Bass (uncle-in-law) -->
<!-- CeCe Rhodes (adoptive grandmother-in-law) Carol Rhodes (adoptive aunt-in-law) -->
Lola Rhodes (adoptive cousin-in-law)
Louis Grimaldi (ex-husband)
<!-- Beatrice Grimaldi (former sister-in-law) -->
<!-- Sophie Grimaldi (former mother-in-law)  -->
Romances:
Chuck Bass (husband)      1
Nate Archibald (ex-boyfriend)
<!-- Marcus Beaton (ex-boyfriend) -->
Louis Grimaldi (ex-husband) 
 Dan Humphrey (ex-boyfriend)

Friends:
Serena Van Der Woodsen (best friend) 
Chuck Bass             1
Nate Archibald          1
Dan Humphrey           1
<!-- Dorota Kishlovsky -->
Jenny Humphrey (frenemy) 
Georgina Sparks (frenemy) 

Enemies:
<!-- Beatrice Grimaldi (Frenemies)  -->
Juliet Sharp
<!-- Poppy Lifton -->
<!-- Rachel Carr -->
Vanessa Abrams






3
DAN HUMPHREY
Daniel Randolph "Dan" Humphrey is a main character in the Gossip Girl novels and
it's television adaptation. He is portrayed by Penn Badgley.
Dan has an on-again-off-again relationship with Serena van der Woodsen and the two have the longest running relationship on the show. Dan and Serena finally get married in the finale. Dan is good friends with Nate Archibald, Blair Waldorf, and Chuck Bass. In the sixth season, Dan reveals himself to be the anonymous blogger known as Gossip Girl.
Family:
Serena van der Woodsen           1
(wife)
Rufus Humphrey
(father)
<!-- Alison Humphrey -->
<!-- (mother) -->
Jennifer "Jenny" Humphrey
(sister)
<!-- Scott Rosson -->
<!-- (paternal half brother/brother-in-law) -->
<!-- Milo Humphrey -->
<!-- (legal son via Georgina) -->
Eric van der Woodsen
<!-- (brother-in-law, via Serena) -->
Charles "Chuck" Bass
<!-- (adoptive brother-in-law, via Serena) -->
<!-- Charlotte "Lola" Rhodes -->
<!-- (half-sister-in-law, via Serena) -->
Blair Waldorf   1
(sister-in-law, via Serena)
                                      
 <!-- Henry Bass
(nephew, via Serena) -->
<!-- William van der Woodsen
(father-in-law, via Serena) -->
Lily van der Woodsen  
(mother-in-law, via Serena)

Romances:
Serena van der Woodsen (wife)   1
Blair Waldorf (ex-girlfriend)  1
<!-- Olivia Burke (ex-girlfriend) -->
<!-- Rachel Carr (ex-girlfriend) -->
Vanessa Abrams (ex-girlfriend)
<!-- Willa Weinstein (kissed) -->
Ivy Dickens (kissed)
Georgina Sparks (ex-girlfriend)

Friends:
Serena van der Woodsen   1
Eric van der Woodsen   
Nate Archibald
Georgina Sparks (Frenemies/Situational Allies) 
Blair Waldorf   1
Chuck Bass 
(frenemies)

Enemies:
Vanessa Abrams   1



4
NATE ARCHIBALD
Nathaniel Fitzwilliam "Nate" Vanderbilt Archibald is a main character in the Gossip Girl series of novels and on its television adaption, in which he is portrayed by Chace Crawford. Nate is best friends with Chuck Bass and is good friends with Dan Humphrey, Serena van der Woodsen and Blair Waldorf.
Family:
<!-- Howard Archibald (father) -->
<!-- Anne Archibald -->
<!-- (mother; née van der Bilt) William van der Bilt (maternal grandfather) Tripp van der Bilt (cousin) -->
<!-- Maureen van der Bilt (cousin-in-law, via Tripp)  -->

Romances:
Blair Waldorf (ex-girlfriend) 1
 Jenny Humphrey (kissed)
Serena van der Woodsen (ex-girlfriend)  1
Vanessa Abrams (ex-girlfriend)
<!-- Catherine Beaton -->
<!-- (affair) -->
<!-- Jordan Steele -->
<!-- (kissed) -->
<!-- Bree Buckley (ex-girlfriend) -->
<!-- Juliet Sharp (ex-girlfriend) -->
<!-- Raina Thorpe (ex-girlfriend) -->
Ivy Dickens
(kissed)
<!-- Diana Payne (ex-girlfriend) -->
<!-- Lola Rhodes (ex-girlfriend) -->
<!-- Sage Spence (ex-girlfriend) -->
Friends:
Chuck Bass (best friend) 
Serena van der Woodsen   1
Blair Waldorf  1
Dan Humphrey     1
Enemies:
<!-- Carter Baizen -->
<!-- Tripp van der Bilt -->


5
JENNY HUMPHREY
Jennifer "Jenny" Tallulah Humphrey is a main character in the Gossip Girl television adaptation and a recurring character in the novels of the same name. She is the younger sister of Dan Humphrey and a social climber who idolizes Blair Waldorf and Serena van der Woodsen.
Jenny appeared as a member of the main cast through seasons one through three and was downgraded in the fourth season to a recurring character.
Family:
Rufus Humphrey (father)
             
 <!-- Alison Humphrey (mother) -->
Daniel "Dan" Humphrey (older brother)
<!-- Scott Rosson -->
<!-- (paternal half-brother) -->
Chuck Bass
(legal stepbrother)
Serena van der Woodsen (sister-in-law, via Dan)  1
<!-- Milo Sparks -->
<!-- (legal nephew, via Dan Humphrey) -->
 <!-- Henry Bass -->
<!-- (legal nephew, via Chuck Bass)  -->
Romances:
Nate Archibald (Exes)   1
Chuck Bass (one-night-stand) 1
<!-- Asher Hornsby (ex-boyfriend)  -->
<!-- Damien Dalgaard (ex-boyfriend) -->
 Friends:
Eric van der Woodsen (best friend) 
Blair Waldorf (frenemies)  1
Chuck Bass    1
Nate Archibald   1
Serena van der Woodsen (estranged)    1
Georgina Sparks (allies)
Enemies:
<!-- Agnes Andrews -->
<!-- Hazel Williams -->
<!-- Jonathan Whitney -->
<!-- Penelope Shafai -->
Juliet Sharp
Vanessa Abrams
<!-- Kira Abernathy -->



6
CHUCK BASS
Charles Bartholomew "Chuck" Bass is a main character in the Gossip Girl television adaptation and a recurring character in the series of novels with the same name. He is portrayed by Ed Westwick.
Throughout the television series, Chuck has an on-again/off-again relationship with Blair Waldorf. They marry in the series finale.
He is best friends with Nate Archibald. He is also good friends with Serena van der Woodsen, Jenny Humphrey and Dorota Kishlovsky Chuck appeared in 118 episodes. 

Family:
Blair Waldorf   1
 (wife; 1 child)
<!-- Henry Bass
(son, with Blair Waldorf) -->
Bartholomew "Bart" Bass
(father; deceased)
<!-- Evelyn Bass
(mother) -->
Lillian "Lily" van der Woodsen 
(adoptive mother/stepmother)
Serena van der Woodsen   1
(adoptive sister/stepsister)
Eric van der Woodsen
(adoptive brother/stepbrother)
Jenny Humphrey    1
(adoptive sister)
Dan Humphrey    1
(adoptive brother)
<!-- Jack Bass
(paternal uncle) -->
<!-- CeCe and Rick Rhodes
(adoptive grandparents) -->

Romances:
Blair Waldorf (wife)            1
Vanessa Abrams (one-night-stand) 
<!-- Elle (fling) -->
<!-- Eva Coupeau (ex-girlfriend) -->
<!-- Raina Thorpe (ex-girlfriend) -->
Jenny Humphrey (one-night stand)   1
Georgina Sparks (one-night stand, lost virginity to)
 <!-- Josh Ellis (kissed) -->

Friends:
Blair Waldorf        1
Nate Archibald (best friend)    1
Jenny Humphrey   1
Serena van der Woodsen   1

Enemies:
Louis Grimaldi  
Carter Baizen
<!-- Russell Thorpe -->
<!-- Bart Bass -->



7
LILY VAN DER WOODSEN
Lillian Celia "Lily" van der Woodsen (née Rhodes, previously Mueller, Bass, and Bass Humphrey) is the mother to Serena and Eric van der Woodsen, as well as being the birth

 mother of Scott Rosson and the adoptive mother to Chuck Bass, the latter of whom is the son to her ex-husband Bart Bass. She is portrayed by Kelly Rutherford.
In Valley Girls, a proposed spinoff is introduced which would follow a teenage Lily (played by Brittany Snow) and her life in California.
Family:
Serena van der Woodsen (daughter, with William)  1
Eric van der Woodsen (son, with William)
<!-- Scott Rosson
(son, with Rufus; given up) -->
Charles "Chuck" Bass
(adoptive son, with Bart)
<!-- Celia "CeCe" Rhodes (mother; deceased) -->
<!-- Richard "Rick" Rhodes (father) -->
<!-- Carol Rhodes -->
<!-- (older sister) -->
<!-- Henry Bass
(adoptive grandson, via Chuck) -->
Charlotte "Lola" Rhodes
(niece / stepdaughter)
Daniel "Dan" Humphrey  1
(son-in-law, via Serena)
Blair Waldorf   1
(daughter-in-law, via Chuck)
<!-- William van der Woodsen
(husband; 2 children) -->
Bart Bass
(husband; deceased)
Romances:
<!-- William van der Woodsen
(husband; second time) -->
<!-- (ex-husband; first time; 2 children) -->
Bart Bass (ex-husband: Widowed)
Rufus Humphrey
(ex-husband; 1 child)
<!-- Klaus Mueller (ex-husband) -->
<!-- Claus Richter (ex-boyfriend) -->
<!-- Owen Campos (ex-boyfriend) -->
<!-- Steven Spence (One night stand) -->
<!-- Russell Thorpe (ex-boyfriend/One night stand) -->
Friends: 
<!-- Eleanor Waldorf -->
Enemies:
<!-- Alison Humphrey -->
  
 <!-- Ben Donovan  -->
 <!-- Carol Rhodes  -->
 Ivy Dickens 
 Lola Rhodes 
 Juliet Sharp



 8
RUFUS HUMPHREY
Rufus Humphrey is the father of Dan and Jenny Humphrey, and the ex-husband of Alison Humphrey and Lily van der Woodsen. He is portrayed by Matthew Settle.
Family:
<!-- Scott Rosson -->
<!-- (son, with Lily; given up) -->
 Daniel "Dan" Humphrey (son, with Alison)  1
Jennifer "Jenny" Humphrey (daughter, with Alison)  1
Serena van der Woodsen (daughter-in-law, via Dan)1

 Romances:
<!-- Lisa Loeb (girlfriend) -->
<!-- Alison Humphrey (ex-wife) -->
Lily van der Woodsen (ex-wife) 1
Ivy Dickens (ex-girlfriend) 
<!-- Clare (ex-girlfriend) -->
Friends:
<!-- Cyrus Rose -->
Ivy Dickens   1
Enemies:
Bart Bass



9
VANESSA ABRAMS
Vanessa Abrams is a character in Gossip Girl series of novels as well as the television adaptation. She is portrayed by Jessica Szohr. Along with Jenny Humphrey, Vanessa's character is downgraded in season four before departing the show altogether.
Family:
<!-- Arlo Abrams (father) -->
<!-- Gabriela Abrams (mother) -->
<!-- Ruby Abrams -->
(older sister)
Romances:
Nate Archibald (ex-boyfriend) 
Dan Humphrey (ex-boyfriend)   1
<!-- Scott Rosson (ex-boyfriend) -->
  
 Chuck Bass (fling)   1

Friends:
Juliet Sharp (ally) 
Rufus Humphrey  1
Serena van der Woodsen (formerly)  1

Enemies:
Dan Humphrey 1
Blair Waldorf   1 
Serena van der Woodsen  1
<!-- Georgina Sparks  -->
Jenny Humphrey   1
<!-- Poppy Lifton -->


10
IVY DICKENS
Ivy Dickens (former alias: Charlotte "Charlie" Rhodes) is a character introduced in the fourth season of Gossip Girl. Appearing exclusively in the television adaption, she is portrayed by actress Kaylee DeFer.
Starting in season five and continuing in season six, Kaylee DeFer was upgraded to the main cast. Ivy appeared in 30 episodes.
Romances:
<!-- Max Harding (ex-boyfriend) -->
Dan Humphrey (kissed, went on one date) 
Nate Archibald (kissed)
<!-- William van der Woodsen (ex-boyfriend) -->
Friends:
<!-- CeCe Rhodes -->
 Georgina Sparks 
 Lola Rhodes (ally) 
 Rufus Humphrey 
 
 Enemies:
<!-- Carol Rhodes -->
Lily van der Woodsen
Serena van der Woodsen (frenemy)
     